The moment you recognize it, immediately apply the antidote. Don't let it go far. Not immediately.
Whether it's anger, whether it's jealous, whether it's attachment. One powerful method all the time
is compassion.
Allow my kindness immediately and look at the nature of that emotions. That means when the anger
arises, look to the anger.
Instead, looking and searching the reasons. Searching the reasons to that anger, well anger may be
more group.
But if you look directly to the anger, that will really stop. You're looking to the anger.
When you look to the anger, there's no substantial solid existing anger or attachment. Is mind
displaced?
And mind is empty. Again, same thing as we discussed yesterday and you know that.
So is it? Display, look at display of the mind. Why I carry with that?
And with that, and immediately then, also may this anger, never this anger disturb all the living
beings and really thought.
And then that anger, or when it arises, also wish and pray, may that become a substitute for anger,
all living beings.
And so all living beings are free from the anger, such as anger or attachments.